README.md, before:


# InfoSec Black Friday Deals ~ "In Honor of 0x90n" 2025 Edition

## This is a fork of 0x90n’s work. I hope he is doing well — therefore I am continuing his text here.

All the deals for InfoSec related software/tools this coming Black Friday. 

Prepare thy corporate amex card. Prepare ye' team budget request forms. It's time to load up on InfoSec tools and get the deals that only pop up once a year. We've experienced the Crowdstrike outage and ChatGPT since 2023, I think we all deserve a little break. 

### Just 2025 things
Quality over quantity - this list goes through a level of vetting for dodginess, gated-deals, deals that aren't infosec related and either can't be verified or break promises. There are also some vendors being stood up (literally) with courses and training 'just' for black friday; at your service here to weed out the genuine from the fake.

This list is for you if you are in: all teh cyberz, penetration tester, blue team, red team, purple team, secure code, exploit research and development, vulnerability management, threat hunting, incident response, forensics, intelligence, threat intelligence, open-source intelligence, governance/risk/compliance, security architect, network security, CSO/CISO, AppSec, DevSecOps, consulting, security awareness, and -insert your role here-

The below deals have either announced a deal, highly expected, or shared through smoke signals to yours truly.
- All USD
- All end times in UTC
- DYOR and AYOR: I try my best to vet all links for legitimacy, but there's always a chance something slips through

## FAQ

### When will most of the deals/discounts be recorded here?
Most likely 24th midday, but some start on Monday, so check back often!

### When do these sales start?
Most start around the 20th November

### When do these sales end?
Most end 30th November

### Can I add deals to the page?
Yes, please follow the below formatting guidelines, provide a source and code. Has to be infosec related, deal has to be active or a waitlist.

:see_no_evil: means 1) Limited to first x users 2) Great deal or 3) Highly recommended by moi

:rocket::rocket: means the vendor is a community supporter. They have committed financially to support the time and effort involved in providing you this list, with a portion being donated to the EFF! https://www.eff.org/

:new: means first time ever joining the list!

*Disclaimer: No affiliate links. I have included my own, paid and other discount codes sent in directly by DM/Pigeon/Smoke signals.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Online Courses & Training


**8kSec Academy** - Mobile Application Security and Offensive iOS/Android Security Internals On-Demand Trainings  \
https://academy.8ksec.io/  
15% off all courses with code: `blackfriday15` \
Deal ends: 10th December 2025 \

**AI Security - Professional Course**, hands-on training with LLM Top 10, MITRE Atlas Framework, AI attack and defend techniques, and more \
https://www.practical-devsecops.com/certified-ai-security-professional  
15% off ($150 USD), auto-applied at checkout \
(Enroll Now and Study Later) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**Altered Security** - Online Security Training Labs \
https://www.alteredsecurity.com/  
20% off all courses and bootcamps in Q1 & Q2 2026 \
25% off when you purchase more than one course \
10% off on AltSecCON 2025 \
No coupon code required \
Deal ends: 17th December 2025 \


**Balkasoft** - DFIR and Mobile Forensics Training \
https://belkasoft.com/training-bundles  
33% off on course bundles (save $999), applied automatically \

**Blu Raven Academy** - Hands-On KQL Training for Threat Hunting, Detection Engineering, and Security Analysis \
https://academy.bluraven.io/blackfriday2025  
35% off with code: `BFCM25` \

**Career Hacking Quest** - Free career course and community for Cybersecurity engineers :new: \
Bi-weekly live resume review sessions.
https://www.careerhackingquest.com/
FREE

**CloudBreach** - Advanced Offensive Azure & AWS Security Trainings and Certifications \
https://cloudbreach.io/blackfriday/  
20% off with code: `BlackFriday25` \
Deal valid: 21nd November - 8th December \

**The Cyber Plumber's Lab Guide and Access** - learn offense-based / red team SSH tunneling \
https://opsdisk.gumroad.com/l/cphlab/bf2025  
50% off ($14.99 USD) + free handbook with code: `bf2025` \
Deal valid until 6 December 2025, 00:00 UTC \

**CyberWarFare Labs** \
https://cyberwarfare.live/  
Up to 90% off \
Deal ends: 30th November \

**DevSecOps Pro** - Build DevSecOps pipelines using GitHub Actions and AWS :new: \
https://devsecopspro.com/bfcm-2025
Includes lessons and labs \
30% off annual subscription - no code required \
Deal ends: 1st December


**DNS for Developers** - Everything developers should know about DNS. \
https://nslookup.io/dns-course/  
66% off the course and certification \

**Hack The Box – Pro Labs annual subscription** \
https://www.hackthebox.com/blog/New-pro-labs-discount  
25% off Pro Labs annual subscription with code: `novprolabsannual25off` \
Deal valid until 30 November 2025, 23:59 EET \

**HackSmarter** - Hands-on cybersecurity labs and training platform \
https://hacksmarter.org/  
All Access subscription: $16.99/month (43% discount), includes all courses, labs, and “Hack with Me” content; upcoming Web App Pentesting course in February included \
Hands-On Labs subscription: $6.99/month (22% discount), unlocks all labs (Windows, Linux, Active Directory) with new labs released weekly \
All individual courses are also discounted for one-time lifetime access (no subscription required); see site for full discount details \

**HackTricks Training** \
https://training.hacktricks.xyz  
-20% on all courses & -30% on course bundles (the discounts are applied automatically on the website) \
-15% off on Labs & Exams \
Deal valid until 30th November 2025 \

**Hexordia** - DFIR Virtual Live training \
https://learn.hexordia.com/  
30% off all courses with code: `BF35` \
Deal ends: 2nd December \

**Invictus Incident Response Training** \
https://academy.invictus-ir.com  
20% off on all courses \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**Invictus Incident Response Training** \
https://cloudlabs.invictus-ir.com  
20% off on Premium Tier \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**LetsDefend** - Blue Team Training \
https://app.letsdefend.io/pricing/  
50% off on annual plans \

**Mobile Hacking Lab** - Offensive Mobile Security Trainings \
https://www.mobilehackinglab.com/appsec-aah  
Buy 1, Get 2 Free. 60% Off. Get the Advanced Android Hacking course taught by multi-year Pwn2Own winner Ken Gannon, plus the CAPT Android and CIPT iOS certification exams at no extra cost. \
https://www.mobilehackinglab.com/bundle/android-kernel-userland  
60% Off when you bundle the two Advanced Android courses: Android Userland + Kernel Fuzzing and Exploitation. \

**OffSec – Learn One subscription promo** \
https://www.offsec.com/blog/learn-one-promo/  
Save 20% (up to $550 off) on the Learn One annual subscription; discount is automatically applied at checkout, no code required \
Limited-time end-of-year promotion; best price of the year on Learn One with 365 days of access, one 200/300-level course, two exam attempts, and 200+ Proving Grounds Practice labs \

**OPSWAT** - Critical Infrastructure security courses \
https://opswatacademy.com/courses  
**41% - 50% off on various courses, recommend to buy bundles instead:** \
Advanced CIP Cybersecurity Bundle: https://opswatacademy.com/courses/advanced-cip-cybersecurity-bundle  
85% off (US$99 instead of US$660) applied automatically \
OT Security Expert: https://opswatacademy.com/courses/ot-security-expert  
92% off (US$79 instead of US$1,000) applied automatically \

**Pluralsight** – Online Tech Learning Platform \
https://www.pluralsight.com/  
`comeback60` 60% off \
Deal valid till 31 December 2025 \

**Practical DevSecOps** - AI Security, DevSecOps, and AppSec hands-on training and certifications \
https://www.practical-devsecops.com/black-friday/  
15% off all courses, save up to USD 500 on bundle, auto-applied at checkout \
(Enroll Now and Study Later) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**Practical TLS** - SSL/TLS Deep Dive Course, including the latest version TLS 1.3 \
https://classes.pracnet.net/courses/practical-tls  
80%+ off course price, originally $297, now only $50 with code `BFCM2025` \
(Enroll Now and Study Later - pay once, lifetime access) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**pwn.guide** - Helping both beginners & experts learn cybersecurity with 150+ tutorials & certification training \
https://pwn.guide/  
20% off all plans (including LIFETIME!) with code: `BLKFRI20` \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**SOC ANALYST - CYBERSECURITY BEGINNERS**, Accessible and Affordable Q-Model Platform, currently 14 (two more in the pipeline) courses with hands-on projects, labs and cyberange. \
https://www.cybernoweducation.com/  
$60 LIFETIME Membership, use code `BlackFriday` at https://www.cybernoweducation.com/upgrade \
If you complete **10+** courses we will ship you a custom-made _plaque_ with your name on it! \
Deal ends: December 1st, 2025 \

**TCM Academy** - Blue & Red Cyber Security Training and Certifications \
Certifications: https://certifications.tcm-sec.com/  
Academy: https://academy.tcm-sec.com/  
20% off of all certifications and live training (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
50% off of any All Access Membership with code (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
Deal ends: 1st December 2025 \

**TheXero** - Premium Offensive Cybersecurity Training  \
https://training.thexero.co.uk/  
Save 65% on Wireless Mastery + BONUS \
Offer valid until 2nd December \

**Vantage Point (Enciphers)** \
https://vantagepoint.enciphers.com/  
70% off on all labs, certifications (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \

**White Knight Labs** - On-demand and live red team & offensive security training \
https://training.whiteknightlabs.com/  
Black Friday sale: 50% off all training and certification courses; lifetime access to purchased content, discount applied automatically at checkout \
Source: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/white-knight-labs_this-black-friday-were-not-just-running-activity-7396887666300198912-tfn0 

**WiFiChallenge Academy** - Certified WiFiChallenge Professional (CWP) \
https://academy.wifichallenge.com \
25% off on CWP and Exam (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
Deal ends: December 1st, 2025

## Exams

**The SecOps Group** - Pentesting Exams \
https://pentestingexams.com/ \
80% off on all pentesting exams. Use code: BF-80 \
Up to 90% Discount on all Community Exams (NO COUPON REQUIRED)

## Mini Courses

**SecDim** - In-Repository Secure Code Learning \
https://play.secdim.com
In-repository attack and defence wargame to learn appsec/devsecops/secure code/review. Find, hack and fix security vulnerabilities inspired by real-world incidents.  \
35% off yearly, checkout using code: `APPSECONABUDGET2025` \
Deal valid: 20th November - 5th December

## Books

**The CloudSec Engineer** - A practical guide on how to enter and thrive in the Cloud Security industry. \
https://engineer.cloudsecbooks.com/ \
40% off with code: CYBERNOVEMBER25 

## Hardware

**Hak5** - Pentester / Red Teamer Hardware Equipment and Tools \
https://shop.hak5.org/collections/bfcm \
Up to 58% off, stackable savings, various items!! Do not forget stackable code: H4K3DNOV25

**KSEC Labs** - Hacker Hardware, Red Team Tools & Security Research Devices \
https://labs.ksec.co.uk/black-friday-sale/ \
10% off storewide with code: BF25-MEGA10 \
5% Off Non-Sale Hak5 Items with code: BF25HAK5 \
Deal valid: 24th - 30th November

## Professional Services

**Wortell** - Offensive solutions including penetration testing. \
http://wortell.nl
50% off offensive services with code `BLACKFIRDAY2025` in email subject to dennis.de.hoog@wortell.nl \
Deal ends: 20th December 2025



## Tools

**Burp Bounty Pro** - Web vulnerability scanner that revolutionizes authenticated testing directly in Burp Suite. Designed for penetration testers, security teams, and bug hunters, Burp Bounty Pro automates security assessments significantly reducing your audit time while expanding overall coverage. \
https://bountysecurity.ai
40% off on annual plans \
Deal ends: 2th December

**Burp Bounty Go** - High-performance vulnerability scanner developed with Golang microservices. It brings modern offensive security to the next level by enabling high-speed, distributed scanning beyond Burp Suite's native capabilities. \
https://bountysecurity.ai
40% off on annual plans \
Deal ends: 2th December

**FullStro** - P A Multi-Channel Ecommerce Automation :see_no_evil: :new: \
http://fullstro.com/black-friday-deals/ 
70% off all plans \
Deal valid: 16th November - 6rd December

**Grammarly Pro** – AI-powered writing assistant for clarity, originality, and authenticity \
https://www.grammarly.com/  
Grammarly Free helps you avoid mistakes, while Grammarly Pro adds AI agents like Paraphraser and Humanizer so you can express ideas in your own voice, plus Plagiarism Checker and AI Detector to ensure your work reflects your thinking, not someone else’s \
Get 50% off the annual Pro plan and write with the confidence to stand behind every word \


**PortDroid** - Port Scanner and Swiss Army Knife of Network Security Tools for Android \
https://portdroid.net/black-friday-2025/  
>50% off lifetime version with code: `CYBER_2025` \
Deal ends: 4th December

**Proton Mail/VPN/Pass/Drive** - Encrypted Services \
https://proton.me/black-friday \
38% off Lumo AI
50% off Mail, Drive or Proton Unlimited
60% off Pass
70% off VPN

**SEOengine.ai** - SEOengine.ai deploys 5 specialized AI agents that analyze competitors, mine real user questions from Reddit/Quora, and generate 4,000-6,000 word AEO-optimized articles in your authentic brand voice—not generic ChatGPT content. From research to publication-ready content with E-E-A-T compliance, internal linking, and multimedia integration—all automated in one seamless workflow. \
https://seoengine.ai \
35% OFF with code `BLACKFRIDAY` \
Deal valid: Nov 17 - Dec 7

**HTTP Toolkit** - Open-source HTTP proxy, debugger & client, with instant one-click setup for Android, Docker, browsers, node.js & more \
[httptoolkit.com](https://httptoolkit.com/?ref=wwwiesel) \
50% off forever on annual subscriptions, with code `BLACKFRIDAY25` \
Deal ends: 3rd December

**SubtitleBee** - AI-powered subtitle generator, translator, and transcriber with support for 120+ languages \
[SubtitleBee BFCM Deal](https://subtitlebee.com/#pricing) \
20% off on monthly plans and up to 32% off on annual subscriptions, with code `BEE20` \
Deal ends: 4th December

**WebsiteVoice** - A simple, but powerful text-to-speech solution to turn website content into speech \
https://websitevoice.com/ 
20% off on all plans, with code `VOICE20` \
Deal ends: 4th December

## Services:

**Grayhat Warefare** -  Cloud Bucket and URL Shortener Enumeration  \
Premium package is now only €160 for the first year, down from €300 full price and the Enterprise package only €450 for the first year, down from €960
https://grayhatwarfare.com/packages  \
Deal valid: offer up until we reach a specific number of subscribers, then we will revert the old prices. 


**AirVPN** -  Save up to 74% when compared to one month plan price  \
https://airvpn.org/forums/topic/77311-2025-black-friday-sale  \
Use code `BLACKFRIDAY2025` \
Deal valid: 14th November - 3rd December

**Proton Mail/VPN/Pass/Drive** - Encrypted Services \
[https://proton.me/mail/black-friday](https://proton.me/black-friday)
Save up to 70%
Deal valid: ?

**NordVPN** \
https://nordvpn.com/pricing  
74%% off (+ 3 month extra)

**Tuta Mail – Encrypted Email Service** \
[https://tuta.com/blog/black-weeks-at-tuta  ](https://tuta.com/blog/black-weeks-at-tuta)
62% off Legend Plan, applied automatically \
Deal valid:  17th November – 1th Decembe

**CyberGhost VPN** \
https://www.cyberghostvpn.com/buy/cyberghost-vpn-3  
83% off VPN 2 Years Plan + 4 months free

**IP VANISH VPN** \
https://www.ipvanish.com/pricing/  
up to 83% off

## Misc: 

**Neato Stickers** - Hacking & Cybersecurity related stickers :new: \
https://neatstickersco.etsy.com/  
15% off all stickers or merch \
Deal Ends: 13th December

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How to edit formatting
Bold the company/page title with /** double stars on either end /** \
Backticks `` around coupon codes e.g. `code` \
At the end of a line, place a backslash for newline (\\) \
After a link, please use a double-space (  )

## Credits
If you would like to DM me a deal rather than submitting a PR: @securitymeta_
Other PRs and sources will be thanked here.

## Discoverability
infosec black friday, information security black friday, cybersec black friday, cyber security black friday, netsec black friday, hacking black friday
infosec cyber monday, information security cyber monday, cybersec cyber monday, cyber security cyber monday, netsec cyber monday, hacking cyber monday
infosec deals, coupons, discounts, sales, pentest, penetration test, red team, blue team, purple team, thanksgiving, blackfriday2024

Commit message:

Update README with new course promotions
Added promotional details for Evilginx Mastery and Hack The Box.

README.md, after:


# InfoSec Black Friday Deals ~ "In Honor of 0x90n" 2025 Edition

## This is a fork of 0x90n’s work. I hope he is doing well — therefore I am continuing his text here.

All the deals for InfoSec related software/tools this coming Black Friday. 

Prepare thy corporate amex card. Prepare ye' team budget request forms. It's time to load up on InfoSec tools and get the deals that only pop up once a year. We've experienced the Crowdstrike outage and ChatGPT since 2023, I think we all deserve a little break. 

### Just 2025 things
Quality over quantity - this list goes through a level of vetting for dodginess, gated-deals, deals that aren't infosec related and either can't be verified or break promises. There are also some vendors being stood up (literally) with courses and training 'just' for black friday; at your service here to weed out the genuine from the fake.

This list is for you if you are in: all teh cyberz, penetration tester, blue team, red team, purple team, secure code, exploit research and development, vulnerability management, threat hunting, incident response, forensics, intelligence, threat intelligence, open-source intelligence, governance/risk/compliance, security architect, network security, CSO/CISO, AppSec, DevSecOps, consulting, security awareness, and -insert your role here-

The below deals have either announced a deal, highly expected, or shared through smoke signals to yours truly.
- All USD
- All end times in UTC
- DYOR and AYOR: I try my best to vet all links for legitimacy, but there's always a chance something slips through

## FAQ

### When will most of the deals/discounts be recorded here?
Most likely 24th midday, but some start on Monday, so check back often!

### When do these sales start?
Most start around the 20th November

### When do these sales end?
Most end 30th November

### Can I add deals to the page?
Yes, please follow the below formatting guidelines, provide a source and code. Has to be infosec related, deal has to be active or a waitlist.

:see_no_evil: means 1) Limited to first x users 2) Great deal or 3) Highly recommended by moi

:rocket::rocket: means the vendor is a community supporter. They have committed financially to support the time and effort involved in providing you this list, with a portion being donated to the EFF! https://www.eff.org/

:new: means first time ever joining the list!

*Disclaimer: No affiliate links. I have included my own, paid and other discount codes sent in directly by DM/Pigeon/Smoke signals.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Online Courses & Training


**8kSec Academy** - Mobile Application Security and Offensive iOS/Android Security Internals On-Demand Trainings  \
https://academy.8ksec.io/  
15% off all courses with code: `blackfriday15` \
Deal ends: 10th December 2025 \

**AI Security - Professional Course**, hands-on training with LLM Top 10, MITRE Atlas Framework, AI attack and defend techniques, and more \
https://www.practical-devsecops.com/certified-ai-security-professional  
15% off ($150 USD), auto-applied at checkout \
(Enroll Now and Study Later) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**Altered Security** - Online Security Training Labs \
https://www.alteredsecurity.com/  
20% off all courses and bootcamps in Q1 & Q2 2026 \
25% off when you purchase more than one course \
10% off on AltSecCON 2025 \
No coupon code required \
Deal ends: 17th December 2025 \


**Balkasoft** - DFIR and Mobile Forensics Training \
https://belkasoft.com/training-bundles  
33% off on course bundles (save $999), applied automatically \

**Blu Raven Academy** - Hands-On KQL Training for Threat Hunting, Detection Engineering, and Security Analysis \
https://academy.bluraven.io/blackfriday2025  
35% off with code: `BFCM25` \

**Career Hacking Quest** - Free career course and community for Cybersecurity engineers :new: \
Bi-weekly live resume review sessions.
https://www.careerhackingquest.com/
FREE

**CloudBreach** - Advanced Offensive Azure & AWS Security Trainings and Certifications \
https://cloudbreach.io/blackfriday/  
20% off with code: `BlackFriday25` \
Deal valid: 21nd November - 8th December \

**The Cyber Plumber's Lab Guide and Access** - learn offense-based / red team SSH tunneling \
https://opsdisk.gumroad.com/l/cphlab/bf2025  
50% off ($14.99 USD) + free handbook with code: `bf2025` \
Deal valid until 6 December 2025, 00:00 UTC \

**CyberWarFare Labs** \
https://cyberwarfare.live/  
Up to 90% off \
Deal ends: 30th November \

**DevSecOps Pro** - Build DevSecOps pipelines using GitHub Actions and AWS :new: \
https://devsecopspro.com/bfcm-2025
Includes lessons and labs \
30% off annual subscription - no code required \
Deal ends: 1st December


**DNS for Developers** - Everything developers should know about DNS. \
https://nslookup.io/dns-course/  
66% off the course and certification \


**Evilginx Mastery** – Adversary-in-the-middle (AiTM) phishing and Evilginx framework training \
https://academy.breakdev.org/evilginx-mastery?coupon=BLACKWEEK  
50% off Evilginx Mastery course with code `BLACKWEEK` (Black Week promo) \
10% discount on new Evilginx Pro licenses during Black Week (see site for details) \
Deal valid: Black Week 2025 

**Hack The Box – Pro Labs annual subscription** \
https://www.hackthebox.com/blog/New-pro-labs-discount  
25% off Pro Labs annual subscription with code: `novprolabsannual25off` \
Deal valid until 30 November 2025, 23:59 EET \

**HackSmarter** - Hands-on cybersecurity labs and training platform \
https://hacksmarter.org/  
All Access subscription: $16.99/month (43% discount), includes all courses, labs, and “Hack with Me” content; upcoming Web App Pentesting course in February included \
Hands-On Labs subscription: $6.99/month (22% discount), unlocks all labs (Windows, Linux, Active Directory) with new labs released weekly \
All individual courses are also discounted for one-time lifetime access (no subscription required); see site for full discount details \

**HackTricks Training** \
https://training.hacktricks.xyz  
-20% on all courses & -30% on course bundles (the discounts are applied automatically on the website) \
-15% off on Labs & Exams \
Deal valid until 30th November 2025 \

**Hexordia** - DFIR Virtual Live training \
https://learn.hexordia.com/  
30% off all courses with code: `BF35` \
Deal ends: 2nd December \

**Invictus Incident Response Training** \
https://academy.invictus-ir.com  
20% off on all courses \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**Invictus Incident Response Training** \
https://cloudlabs.invictus-ir.com  
20% off on Premium Tier \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**LetsDefend** - Blue Team Training \
https://app.letsdefend.io/pricing/  
50% off on annual plans \

**Mobile Hacking Lab** - Offensive Mobile Security Trainings \
https://www.mobilehackinglab.com/appsec-aah  
Buy 1, Get 2 Free. 60% Off. Get the Advanced Android Hacking course taught by multi-year Pwn2Own winner Ken Gannon, plus the CAPT Android and CIPT iOS certification exams at no extra cost. \
https://www.mobilehackinglab.com/bundle/android-kernel-userland  
60% Off when you bundle the two Advanced Android courses: Android Userland + Kernel Fuzzing and Exploitation. \

**OffSec – Learn One subscription promo** \
https://www.offsec.com/blog/learn-one-promo/  
Save 20% (up to $550 off) on the Learn One annual subscription; discount is automatically applied at checkout, no code required \
Limited-time end-of-year promotion; best price of the year on Learn One with 365 days of access, one 200/300-level course, two exam attempts, and 200+ Proving Grounds Practice labs \

**OPSWAT** - Critical Infrastructure security courses \
https://opswatacademy.com/courses  
**41% - 50% off on various courses, recommend to buy bundles instead:** \
Advanced CIP Cybersecurity Bundle: https://opswatacademy.com/courses/advanced-cip-cybersecurity-bundle  
85% off (US$99 instead of US$660) applied automatically \
OT Security Expert: https://opswatacademy.com/courses/ot-security-expert  
92% off (US$79 instead of US$1,000) applied automatically \

**Pluralsight** – Online Tech Learning Platform \
https://www.pluralsight.com/  
`comeback60` 60% off \
Deal valid till 31 December 2025 \

**Practical DevSecOps** - AI Security, DevSecOps, and AppSec hands-on training and certifications \
https://www.practical-devsecops.com/black-friday/  
15% off all courses, save up to USD 500 on bundle, auto-applied at checkout \
(Enroll Now and Study Later) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**Practical TLS** - SSL/TLS Deep Dive Course, including the latest version TLS 1.3 \
https://classes.pracnet.net/courses/practical-tls  
80%+ off course price, originally $297, now only $50 with code `BFCM2025` \
(Enroll Now and Study Later - pay once, lifetime access) \
Deal ends: 7th December 2025 \

**pwn.guide** - Helping both beginners & experts learn cybersecurity with 150+ tutorials & certification training \
https://pwn.guide/  
20% off all plans (including LIFETIME!) with code: `BLKFRI20` \
Deal ends: 5th December \

**SOC ANALYST - CYBERSECURITY BEGINNERS**, Accessible and Affordable Q-Model Platform, currently 14 (two more in the pipeline) courses with hands-on projects, labs and cyberange. \
https://www.cybernoweducation.com/  
$60 LIFETIME Membership, use code `BlackFriday` at https://www.cybernoweducation.com/upgrade \
If you complete **10+** courses we will ship you a custom-made _plaque_ with your name on it! \
Deal ends: December 1st, 2025 \

**TCM Academy** - Blue & Red Cyber Security Training and Certifications \
Certifications: https://certifications.tcm-sec.com/  
Academy: https://academy.tcm-sec.com/  
20% off of all certifications and live training (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
50% off of any All Access Membership with code (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
Deal ends: 1st December 2025 \

**TheXero** - Premium Offensive Cybersecurity Training  \
https://training.thexero.co.uk/  
Save 65% on Wireless Mastery + BONUS \
Offer valid until 2nd December \

**Vantage Point (Enciphers)** \
https://vantagepoint.enciphers.com/  
70% off on all labs, certifications (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \

**White Knight Labs** - On-demand and live red team & offensive security training \
https://training.whiteknightlabs.com/  
Black Friday sale: 50% off all training and certification courses; lifetime access to purchased content, discount applied automatically at checkout \
Source: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/white-knight-labs_this-black-friday-were-not-just-running-activity-7396887666300198912-tfn0 

**WiFiChallenge Academy** - Certified WiFiChallenge Professional (CWP) \
https://academy.wifichallenge.com \
25% off on CWP and Exam (NO COUPON REQUIRED) \
Deal ends: December 1st, 2025

## Exams

**The SecOps Group** - Pentesting Exams \
https://pentestingexams.com/ \
80% off on all pentesting exams. Use code: BF-80 \
Up to 90% Discount on all Community Exams (NO COUPON REQUIRED)

## Mini Courses

**SecDim** - In-Repository Secure Code Learning \
https://play.secdim.com
In-repository attack and defence wargame to learn appsec/devsecops/secure code/review. Find, hack and fix security vulnerabilities inspired by real-world incidents.  \
35% off yearly, checkout using code: `APPSECONABUDGET2025` \
Deal valid: 20th November - 5th December

## Books

**The CloudSec Engineer** - A practical guide on how to enter and thrive in the Cloud Security industry. \
https://engineer.cloudsecbooks.com/ \
40% off with code: CYBERNOVEMBER25 

## Hardware

**Hak5** - Pentester / Red Teamer Hardware Equipment and Tools \
https://shop.hak5.org/collections/bfcm \
Up to 58% off, stackable savings, various items!! Do not forget stackable code: H4K3DNOV25

**KSEC Labs** - Hacker Hardware, Red Team Tools & Security Research Devices \
https://labs.ksec.co.uk/black-friday-sale/ \
10% off storewide with code: BF25-MEGA10 \
5% Off Non-Sale Hak5 Items with code: BF25HAK5 \
Deal valid: 24th - 30th November

## Professional Services

**Wortell** - Offensive solutions including penetration testing. \
http://wortell.nl
50% off offensive services with code `BLACKFIRDAY2025` in email subject to dennis.de.hoog@wortell.nl \
Deal ends: 20th December 2025



## Tools

**Burp Bounty Pro** - Web vulnerability scanner that revolutionizes authenticated testing directly in Burp Suite. Designed for penetration testers, security teams, and bug hunters, Burp Bounty Pro automates security assessments significantly reducing your audit time while expanding overall coverage. \
https://bountysecurity.ai
40% off on annual plans \
Deal ends: 2th December

**Burp Bounty Go** - High-performance vulnerability scanner developed with Golang microservices. It brings modern offensive security to the next level by enabling high-speed, distributed scanning beyond Burp Suite's native capabilities. \
https://bountysecurity.ai
40% off on annual plans \
Deal ends: 2th December

**FullStro** - P A Multi-Channel Ecommerce Automation :see_no_evil: :new: \
http://fullstro.com/black-friday-deals/ 
70% off all plans \
Deal valid: 16th November - 6rd December

**Grammarly Pro** – AI-powered writing assistant for clarity, originality, and authenticity \
https://www.grammarly.com/  
Grammarly Free helps you avoid mistakes, while Grammarly Pro adds AI agents like Paraphraser and Humanizer so you can express ideas in your own voice, plus Plagiarism Checker and AI Detector to ensure your work reflects your thinking, not someone else’s \
Get 50% off the annual Pro plan and write with the confidence to stand behind every word \


**PortDroid** - Port Scanner and Swiss Army Knife of Network Security Tools for Android \
https://portdroid.net/black-friday-2025/  
>50% off lifetime version with code: `CYBER_2025` \
Deal ends: 4th December

**Proton Mail/VPN/Pass/Drive** - Encrypted Services \
https://proton.me/black-friday \
38% off Lumo AI
50% off Mail, Drive or Proton Unlimited
60% off Pass
70% off VPN

**SEOengine.ai** - SEOengine.ai deploys 5 specialized AI agents that analyze competitors, mine real user questions from Reddit/Quora, and generate 4,000-6,000 word AEO-optimized articles in your authentic brand voice—not generic ChatGPT content. From research to publication-ready content with E-E-A-T compliance, internal linking, and multimedia integration—all automated in one seamless workflow. \
https://seoengine.ai \
35% OFF with code `BLACKFRIDAY` \
Deal valid: Nov 17 - Dec 7

**HTTP Toolkit** - Open-source HTTP proxy, debugger & client, with instant one-click setup for Android, Docker, browsers, node.js & more \
[httptoolkit.com](https://httptoolkit.com/?ref=wwwiesel) \
50% off forever on annual subscriptions, with code `BLACKFRIDAY25` \
Deal ends: 3rd December

**SubtitleBee** - AI-powered subtitle generator, translator, and transcriber with support for 120+ languages \
[SubtitleBee BFCM Deal](https://subtitlebee.com/#pricing) \
20% off on monthly plans and up to 32% off on annual subscriptions, with code `BEE20` \
Deal ends: 4th December

**WebsiteVoice** - A simple, but powerful text-to-speech solution to turn website content into speech \
https://websitevoice.com/ 
20% off on all plans, with code `VOICE20` \
Deal ends: 4th December

## Services:

**Grayhat Warefare** -  Cloud Bucket and URL Shortener Enumeration  \
Premium package is now only €160 for the first year, down from €300 full price and the Enterprise package only €450 for the first year, down from €960
https://grayhatwarfare.com/packages  \
Deal valid: offer up until we reach a specific number of subscribers, then we will revert the old prices. 


**AirVPN** -  Save up to 74% when compared to one month plan price  \
https://airvpn.org/forums/topic/77311-2025-black-friday-sale  \
Use code `BLACKFRIDAY2025` \
Deal valid: 14th November - 3rd December

**Proton Mail/VPN/Pass/Drive** - Encrypted Services \
[https://proton.me/mail/black-friday](https://proton.me/black-friday)
Save up to 70%
Deal valid: ?

**NordVPN** \
https://nordvpn.com/pricing  
74%% off (+ 3 month extra)

**Tuta Mail – Encrypted Email Service** \
[https://tuta.com/blog/black-weeks-at-tuta  ](https://tuta.com/blog/black-weeks-at-tuta)
62% off Legend Plan, applied automatically \
Deal valid:  17th November – 1th Decembe

**CyberGhost VPN** \
https://www.cyberghostvpn.com/buy/cyberghost-vpn-3  
83% off VPN 2 Years Plan + 4 months free

**IP VANISH VPN** \
https://www.ipvanish.com/pricing/  
up to 83% off

## Misc: 

**Neato Stickers** - Hacking & Cybersecurity related stickers :new: \
https://neatstickersco.etsy.com/  
15% off all stickers or merch \
Deal Ends: 13th December

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How to edit formatting
Bold the company/page title with /** double stars on either end /** \
Backticks `` around coupon codes e.g. `code` \
At the end of a line, place a backslash for newline (\\) \
After a link, please use a double-space (  )

## Credits
If you would like to DM me a deal rather than submitting a PR: @securitymeta_
Other PRs and sources will be thanked here.

## Discoverability
infosec black friday, information security black friday, cybersec black friday, cyber security black friday, netsec black friday, hacking black friday
infosec cyber monday, information security cyber monday, cybersec cyber monday, cyber security cyber monday, netsec cyber monday, hacking cyber monday
infosec deals, coupons, discounts, sales, pentest, penetration test, red team, blue team, purple team, thanksgiving, blackfriday2024
